README.md, before:

# Hawu-Akka-Playground
Repository for playing with akka-http, akka-persistence, akka-streams, apache-kaffka, apache-spark, Asynchronous Scala unit tests and so on...


**Akka-http**
Using for REST services which are:
- host:port - GET
- host:port - GET with groupid param 
- host:port - POST with groupId param
- host:port - DELETE with groupId param
- host:port - PUT with groupId and message param


You can find RESTServer services definition at following url's:
 \[
 [RESTServer](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/main/scala/com/hawu/playground/akka/http/server/RESTServer.scala)
 , [RESTService](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/main/scala/com/hawu/playground/akka/http/server/RESTServices.scala)
, [Unit tests](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/test/scala/com/hawu/playground/akka/tests/RESTServerTests.scala)
\]

**Apache Kafka**

Apache kafka consists of 4 parts:
- Cluster supervision app **Zookeeper**
- Kafka server which suplies **Broker**'s
- Message queue **Producer** which is encapsulated by actor [here](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/main/scala/com/hawu/playground/akka/producer/CommandKafkaProducer.scala)
- Message queue **Consumer** which is created is encapsulated by actor [here](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/main/scala/com/hawu/playground/akka/consumer/CommandKafkaConsumer.scala)

Installed local VM - Virtual Box, where I'm running kafka server and zookeper.

Installed CentOS 7, Zookeeper, Apache Kafka and tested
- For development purpose i disabled firewall.

[Kavka server](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/master/src/main/resources/kafka_server.png)
- [Kafka producer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/master/src/main/resources/kafka_test_producer.png)
- [Kafka consumer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/master/src/main/resources/kafka_test_consumer.png)
- Followed article with installation of [kafka server](https://www.vultr.com/docs/how-to-install-apache-kafka-on-centos-7)
- Changed proper ipaddresses to current host
- [Unit tests](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/test/scala/com/hawu/playground/akka/tests/KafkaServerTests.scala) for Kafka server **needs to have broker and server running!**

[Diagram for kafka communication](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/master/src/main/resources/Kafka_layer.png)

**Config File**

Is located [here](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/main/resources/application.conf)

_Improved scala tests for using async flat spec , no more await synchronization_

Commit message:

Added self signed readme part

README.md, after:

# Hawu-Akka-Playground
Repository for playing with akka-http, akka-persistence, akka-streams, apache-kaffka, apache-spark, Asynchronous Scala unit tests and so on...


**Akka-http**
Using for REST services which are:
- host:port - GET
- host:port - GET with groupid param 
- host:port - POST with groupId param
- host:port - DELETE with groupId param
- host:port - PUT with groupId and message param


You can find RESTServer services definition at following url's:
 \[
 [RESTServer](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/main/scala/com/hawu/playground/akka/http/server/RESTServer.scala)
 , [RESTService](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/main/scala/com/hawu/playground/akka/http/server/RESTServices.scala)
, [Unit tests](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/test/scala/com/hawu/playground/akka/tests/RESTServerTests.scala)
\]

**Self-signed certificate**
REST service are secured by self-signed certificate which I had to generate and put into keystore.

**Apache Kafka**

Apache kafka consists of 4 parts:
- Cluster supervision app **Zookeeper**
- Kafka server which suplies **Broker**
- Message queue **Producer** which is encapsulated by actor [here](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/main/scala/com/hawu/playground/akka/producer/CommandKafkaProducer.scala)
- Message queue **Consumer** which is created is encapsulated by actor [here](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/main/scala/com/hawu/playground/akka/consumer/CommandKafkaConsumer.scala)

Installed local VM - Virtual Box, where I'm running kafka server and zookeper.

Installed CentOS 7, Zookeeper, Apache Kafka and tested
- For development purpose i disabled firewall.

[Kavka server](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/master/src/main/resources/kafka_server.png)
- [Kafka producer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/master/src/main/resources/kafka_test_producer.png)
- [Kafka consumer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/master/src/main/resources/kafka_test_consumer.png)
- Followed article with installation of [kafka server](https://www.vultr.com/docs/how-to-install-apache-kafka-on-centos-7)
- Changed proper ipaddresses to current host
- [Unit tests](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/test/scala/com/hawu/playground/akka/tests/KafkaServerTests.scala) for Kafka server **needs to have broker and server running!**

[Diagram for kafka communication](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/master/src/main/resources/Kafka_layer.png)

**Config File**

Is located [here](https://github.com/Hawuawu/Hawu-Akka-Playground/blob/master/src/main/resources/application.conf)

_Improved scala tests for using async flat spec , no more await synchronization_
